So the strategy for
Sign in is a little different.
It is a little different.
One, we're not creating a user.
You shouldn't be creating
a user on sign in.
So what we're gonna do is we're also
gonna check to see if it's a post.
Instead of creating a user, we're just
gonna check to see if there's even a user.
With that email that you gave us,
is there even a user that
has that email if it's not.
Are you just barking up the wrong tree
just get out of here if there is we're
going to compare that user's password
that we found with the plaintext
password that you sent us on this request
if that matches you must be who you
say you are because the email returned
the user and that hashed password on that
user matched your plaintext password so
I guess you are that user.
In that case we'll create a JWT, we'll set
the cookie and we'll do the same thing.
So let's do that.
Export default async function.
And I'll just call it signIn.
We'll just go ahead and
bring in our types from next.
Next API request next API response
Request or response type those.
There's also like a next API handler that
you can just make, you know, for the whole
function and you don't have to do these
individual ties but I've liked all that.
Okay, if racked up method equals post
Then let's see if there's a user here.
User equals awaits.
Bring our DB in, .user .find.
Not many find unique
Where email is wrecked up by that email.I
t's also noted that in
a production environment you would
probably,verify sanitize You know,
pretty much any input that sent to
your API, you want to look at that.
Make sure it's, you know, it's there.
I'm just making a ton of
assumptions right now in this code.
But that's the difference between, you
know, building an app and then building
an app for production is that there's
a lot more that goes into production.
You have to verify a lot of these inputs.
And things like that because you can't
trust what a user sending you even if all
the users or the people on your team and
it's an internal app you still can't trust
it so make sure you verify
everything including inputs and
have fallbacks for all that stuff and
even then you still won't get it, right.
All right, it's just it's just hard.
It's a moving target.
Okay, so we got user.
So then what we want to do is we just
want to compare those passwords so
we'll say const is user and
we can say a weight compare passwords
plaintext password that's going to
be wrecked up body that passer.
That's the one that they
sent up from the form and
then the hash one is it's got to
be user dot password there we go.
So if you can say cool if
is users true then we can
go ahead and
To do exactly what we already did,
which is creating a JSON Web Token and
doing all this magic,
so I'm just gonna go ahead and
bring those in right quick.
Don't try to autocomplete them,
there we go and there we go.
Same thing as the last one,
create a JSON web token,
set the header called set cookie,
serialize the JSON web token in
a cookie to a one and good to go.
Else if it's not a post, give it a status,
whatever you wanna call it,
whatever status you wanna do.
And end it.
Any questions on sign in?
Yes.
These API routes are server less.
Correct?
>> Correct?
Yes, they are serverless.
They run on Versailles infrastructure,
which I believe do not quote me on this,
but I believe it's Google.
I think it's Google,
but it doesn't matter.
That's.
that's the whole point.
It doesn't matter servers.